README.md, before:

# Andersson

Andersson is a very minimalistic theme for Zola. I've used it on the v8 of my personal website.

![Screenshot of the theme applied to www.kytta.dev](./screenshot.png)

## Install

In the root of your Zola site:

```sh
cd themes
git clone https://github.com/kytta/andersson
```

Then, in your `config.toml`:

```toml
theme = "andersson"
```

## `[extra]` options

The only available option is `menu`. It is a list that accepts objects with two properties:

- `path` — path to the page
- `type` — either `page` or `section`

The title of the menu entry will be chose automatically.

## Credits

I took a lot of design inspiration from [Rasmus Andersson](https://rsms.me/)'s personal website. He also' created the [Inter](https://rsms.me/inter/) typeface that this theme uses.

[FrontAid CMS](https://frontaid.io/) created the [Natural Selection](https://github.com/frontaid/natural-selection) CSS framework which this theme uses.

[Linus](https://github.com/linuskmr) taught me how to make use of the browser's dark theme with one line of code.

## License

© 2023 [Nikita Karamov]\
Code licensed under the [ISC License].\
Content licensed under the [CC-BY-SA 4.0].

---

This project is hosted on GitHub:
<https://github.com/kytta/andersson.git>

[cc-by-sa 4.0]: https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-SA-4.0.html
[isc license]: https://spdx.org/licenses/ISC.html
[nikita karamov]: https://www.kytta.dev/

Commit message:

Add files from the theme

README.md, after:

# Andersson

Andersson is a very minimalistic theme for Zola. I've used it on the v8 of my personal website.

![Screenshot of the theme applied to www.kytta.dev](./screenshot.png)

> ## WARNING ⚠️
>
> This theme is not recommended for public use. It is unfinished and has too many references to my persona. It might be hard to decouple it from the mentions of me. Use at your own risk, I guess :)

## Install

In the root of your Zola site:

```sh
cd themes
git clone https://github.com/kytta/andersson
```

Then, in your `config.toml`:

```toml
theme = "andersson"
```

## `[extra]` options

The only available option is `menu`. It is a list that accepts objects with two properties:

- `path` — path to the page
- `type` — either `page` or `section`

The title of the menu entry will be chose automatically.

## Credits

I took a lot of design inspiration from [Rasmus Andersson](https://rsms.me/)'s personal website. He also' created the [Inter](https://rsms.me/inter/) typeface that this theme uses.

[FrontAid CMS](https://frontaid.io/) created the [Natural Selection](https://github.com/frontaid/natural-selection) CSS framework which this theme uses.

[Linus](https://github.com/linuskmr) taught me how to make use of the browser's dark theme with one line of code.

## License

© 2023 [Nikita Karamov]\
Code licensed under the [ISC License].\
Content licensed under the [CC-BY-SA 4.0].

---

This project is hosted on GitHub:
<https://github.com/kytta/andersson.git>

[cc-by-sa 4.0]: https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-SA-4.0.html
[isc license]: https://spdx.org/licenses/ISC.html
[nikita karamov]: https://www.kytta.dev/
